W-20969957-OSv2-behavior-dm (#370)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-clustering.adoc

== High Availability and Clustering

_High availability_ refers to having multiple replicas that, unlike clustering, do not share data between each replica. _Clustering_ enables multiple replicas to communicate with each other and share data because they share memory.

=== CloudHub 2.0 Clustering and Object Store v2

CloudHub 2.0 supports clustering using Mule in addition to Object Store v2 for Mule 4 apps. When you enable Object Store v2 in CloudHub 2.0, note that it is rate limited. For more information, see xref:object-store::index.adoc[].

[NOTE]
====
If you enable both **Clustering** and **Use Object Store V2** on CloudHub 2.0, all Object Store access routes to Cloud Object Store v2, including internal runtime, policy, and connector usage. This can result in metered, billable usage even if your application doesn't explicitly use Object Store.
====

> You don't need to configure your apps to use Object Store in CloudHub 2.0. Additionally, Mule 4 apps support Object Store v2, which can be enabled from Anypoint Runtime Manager console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't configure apps to use Object Store in CloudHub 2.0. Mule 4 apps support Object Store v2, which you enable in Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```
